docs(README): add schemaui and schemaui-cli to ecosystem list (#303)
ratatui/awesome-ratatui: README.md

- [ratatui-wgpu](https://github.com/Jesterhearts/ratatui-wgpu) - A wgpu based rendering backend for ratatui.
- [ratzilla](https://github.com/orhun/ratzilla) - Build terminal-themed web applications with Ratatui and WebAssembly.
- [rlt](https://crates.io/crates/rlt) - A universal load testing framework for Rust, with real-time tui support.

> - [schemaui](https://github.com/YuniqueUnic/schemaui) - A schema-driven UI framework that turns JSON Schema into fully interactive terminal and web UIs with real-time validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [schemaui](https://github.com/YuniqueUnic/schemaui) - Turn JSON Schemas into TUIs and web UIs with real-time validation.
```

- [ratatui-form](https://github.com/DavidLiedle/ratatui-form) - A form library for ratatui.
- [ratifact](https://github.com/adolfousier/ratifact) - Track and manage build artifacts from multiple programming languages.
- [repgrep](https://github.com/acheronfail/repgrep) - An interactive replacer for ripgrep that makes it easy to find and replace across files on the command line.

> - [schemaui-cli](https://github.com/YuniqueUnic/schemaui/tree/main/schemaui-cli) - Interactive CLI for editing JSON/YAML/TOML configs from JSON Schema with live validation.

Reviewer: Adding a single link for schemaui would be enough I think :)

```suggestion
```
